open-cluster-management/backlog#17024 upd pool dest (#2807)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_pool_destroy.adoc

. Enter the name of the cluster pool to confirm.

> . Select *Destroy* to remove the cluster pool. Any unclaimed clusters in the cluster pool are destroyed. It might take some time for all of the resources to be deleted, and the cluster pools remain visible in the console until all of the resources are deleted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Destroy* to remove the cluster pool. Any unclaimed clusters in the cluster pool are destroyed. It might take some time for all of the resources to be deleted, and the cluster pool remains visible in the console until all of the resources are deleted. 
```

Looks like we're talking about a single cluster pool here.
